DOC-2283: replace RedisBloom with Probabilistic (#661)
RedisBloom/RedisBloom: docs/docs/Quick_Start.md

    "Quick start guide"
---

> # Quick Start Guide for RedisProbabilistic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Quick Start Guide for Redis Probabilistic
```

## Redis Cloud

> Probabilistic is available on all Redis Cloud managed services.  Redis Cloud Fixed offers a completely free managed database up to 30MB.

Reviewer 2: Redis Stack's probabilistic data structures are available on all Redis Cloud managed services

> Probabilistic is available on all Redis Cloud managed services.  Redis Cloud Essentials offers a completely free managed database up to 30MB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Probabilistic is available on all Redis Cloud managed services.  Redis Cloud Fixed offers a completely free managed database of up to 30MB.
```

[Get started here](https://redis.com/try-free/)

> ## Launch Probabilistic with Docker

Reviewer 2: Launch Redis Stack with Docker

Author: Change made. I'll update the PR once all requested changes have been made.
